So we moved add ingredients into our store management into Ngee our X realm so to say let's do the same
for updating and deleting.
So first of all let's create reactions again so let's duplicate that constant all name and update ingredient.
So let's name this one here.
Up date ingredient to of course the name is up to you.
And that also creates the delete one delete ingredient here to delete ingredient.
Now then also copy does class twice.
Here is the update Ingredion class without an s.
Of course the type therefore is update ingredient the payload.
Let's have a look.
What did we use here.
Will be the index and new ingredient.
Ever delete.
It's just the index.
So we're updating the payload will actually be a javascript object where we'll have an index of type
number and the new ingredient of type ingredient of course.
And for daily things hold the lead ingredient here.
I'll just type and have a payload which is just a number because it just passed the index to this action.
Now if there let's add them to our exported bundle here we get update ingredient and we get the lead
ingredient.
So this is now the export that bundle type of actions we have.
Now we need to add the logic and the reducer.
So let's check the cases shopping list actions.
Updating rigidness the first one I want to check in this case I want to return.
Of course an updated state using the old state and copying all its properties in immutable way and then
overwriting the one specific ingredient so overriding the ingredients array as a whole.
But now I want to override it with an array where one single ingredient is updated.
Now to do this all simply gets does one ingredient First of all it's all stored in a constant here.
This ingredient of fetcher from state ingredients and I know that the payload I receive here has an
index so I can simply say Action.
Payload index is Ingredion a want to edit.
So the updated ingredient here should be a javascript object where I copy all the properties of the
old ingredient to updated in an immutable way.
And then here I went to well simply pass all the change properties of the new ingredient which is all
the parts of payload.
So will distribute all the properties of action payload ingredient.
Does the new ingredient and this will not override all the properties which were part of the old ingredient
and it will give me back a new object so that it don't.
Or write this in the existing treaty.
Now all that's left to do is add this to the array for that of first get my old ingredients.
So does the array from my state state ingredients.
However in an immutable way so that I simply distribute all the elements in this array here and I'll
now set ingredients at a specific position namely action payload index equal to the updated ingredient
so now I get an array with all the old elements but one element was overridden by the updated one.
And now that's the ingredients I want to give back in the updated state.
Now delayed thing should be even easier there.
First of all let me check for that with delete delete ingredient.
So here of course all the ones return a new object which holds the old state and then ingredients However
greedy and now needs to be in a tray where one element is missing.
Missing.
Let's first of all copy that code very fetching ingredients and now one ingredient needs to be removed
so I can simply say ingredients splice starting at the actual payload which keep in mind that this case
is just the index.
And then just splicing one element here I get a type error because it doesn't understand that we have
a return statement here.
So let's name does old ingredients here or turn it into a variable with LET instead of Konst.
So old ingredients.
Now here I'm splicing that and I return the updated value here.
So this is the functionality in the reducer updating or deleting ingredients.
Now we can go back to shopping list edit which is where we edit it were dispatches.
First of all deletion is handled here so we can simply say this store dispatch new shopping list actions.
Now here it's delete ingredient and a need to pass the index which is simply this added that item index.
Now with that I'm dispatching the lead and for updating all go to the on submit block here where else
simply calls store dispatch new then shopping lists actions up date ingredient.
And as a payload Assembly has a javascript object which has the index property because that's what we
define here.
It will all the ingredient property then the index property is simply this added item index.
And as a set of ingredient property which is the new ingredient.
So now I am passing an appropriate payload to this action.
Well and with that if I save this.
Now let's see if that works.
I click on that and delete it.
It's gone.
And here we got an issue.
We're loading the wrong item now that click on it we're still loading apples here because our local
state the shopping component doesn't keep up with us dispatching this year.
So let's fix this next.